<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>Last updated: February 23, 2023</p>
<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>
<p>We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.</p>

<h2>Interpretation and Definitions</h2>

<h3>Interpretation</h3>

<p>The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</p>
<h3>Definitions</h3>

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Application** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named çise
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to çise.
- **Country** refers to: Turkey
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Application.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

<h2>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h2>

<h3>Personal Data</h3>
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- First name
- Languages
- Usage Data

<h3>Usage Data</h3>
Application only keeps your first name, languages, words and tags. This data stored on your device. Application connects to a server. This server only provides translation service. This server doesn't collect any information about you.

<h2>Children’s Privacy</h2>

This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

<h2>Changes to This Privacy Policy</h2>
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

<h2>Contact Us</h2>
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

Contact Information:

Email: seyitfatihyazici11@gmail.com
